simplify README (#2855)
microsoft/typespec: README.md

# TypeSpec

> [Official Docs](https://typespec.io/)

Reviewer: Did you mean to have those split per line? it looks a little crammed now 
<img width="680" alt="image" src="https://github.com/microsoft/typespec/assets/1031227/9cad7cf0-49c8-48f3-b6ff-63b43b7b1e44">
Maybe separated with a ` | `

Author: Fixed. My preview app was showing them on different lines. I did what you suggested

# TypeSpec

[Official Docs](https://typespec.io/) | [Try TypeSpec Online](https://aka.ms/trytypespec) | [Getting Started](https://typespec.io/docs) | [Language Overview](https://typespec.io/docs/language-basics/overview)

> TypeSpec is a language for defining cloud service APIs and shapes. TypeSpec is a highly extensible language with primitives that can describe API shapes common among REST, OpenAPI, GraphQL, gRPC, and other protocols.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TypeSpec is a language for defining cloud service APIs and shapes. TypeSpec is a highly extensible language with primitives that can describe API shapes common among REST, OpenAPI, gRPC, and other protocols.
```

I've wanted to drop this reference for a while, seems like now is a good time to do it (just because we don't have stdlib support, so it's weird to mention)

> TypeSpec is excellent for generating many different API description formats, client and service code, documentation, and many other assets. All this while keeping your TypeSpec definition as a single source of truth.

Reviewer 2: While I support dropping the overemphasis on guardrails, I think it is very important to mention TypeSpec's ability to encapsulate and compose APIs from components.

> Using TypeSpec, you can create reusable patterns for all aspects of an API using TypeSpec libraries. It has a rich linter framework with the ability to check for and flag known anti-patterns as well as an emitter framework that lets you be in control of the output to ensure it follows the patterns you want. Enabling the use of patterns establishes "guardrails" for API designers and makes it easier to follow best practices than to deviate from them. TypeSpec promotes highly quality and regular API designs that adhere to best practices by construction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using TypeSpec, you can create reusable patterns for all aspects of an API and package those reusable patterns into libraries. These patterns establish "guardrails" for API designers and makes it easier to follow best practices than to deviate from them. TypeSpec also has a rich linter framework with the ability to flag anti-patterns as well as an emitter framework that lets you control of the output to ensure it follows the patterns you want. 
```

The proposed text felt out of order (talking about encapsulation, then emitter framework, then encapsulation again). I reordered and simplified, see what you think.

## [Installation](https://typespec.io/docs)

```
npm install -g @typespec/compiler
```

#### Tools

> [VSCode](https://typespec.io/docs/introduction/editor/vscode) 

Reviewer 2: We should probably take the opportunity to document that our extension is now in the marketplace and link to it /cc @timotheeguerin ?

TypeSpec is excellent for generating many different API description formats, client and service code, documentation, and many other assets. All this while keeping your TypeSpec definition as a single source of truth.

Using TypeSpec, you can create reusable patterns for all aspects of an API and package those reusable patterns into libraries. These patterns establish "guardrails" for API designers and makes it easier to follow best practices than to deviate from them. TypeSpec also has a rich linter framework with the ability to flag anti-patterns as well as an emitter framework that lets you control of the output to ensure it follows the patterns you want. 

## [Installation](https://typespec.io/docs)

```
npm install -g @typespec/compiler
```

#### Tools

The [TypeSpec VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=typespec.typespec-vscode) can be installed from the VS Code [marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=typespec.typespec-vscode) or directly on the command line:
```
tsp code install
```

> The [TypeSpec VS Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=typespec.TypeSpec) can be installed from the [VS Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=typespec.TypeSpec) or directly on the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [TypeSpec VS Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=typespec.typespecvs) can be installed from the [VS Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=typespec.typespecvs) or directly on the command line:
```

renamed the extensions to be consitent

}
```

Install the dependencies of sample.tsp:

```
tsp install
```

Compile it to OpenAPI 3.0:

```
tsp compile sample.tsp --emit @typespec/openapi3
```

You can find the emitted OpenAPI output in `./tsp-output/openapi.json`.

> ## [Troubleshooting](./troubleshooting.md)

Reviewer 2: Headers should not be links, I wonder if we can just drop this entirely (if you are having problems, probably you are consulting the docs site as opposed to the readme?)
